feat(steiger-plugin): add no-wildcard-exports rule and fix tsconfig resolution (#215)
feature-sliced/steiger: packages/steiger-plugin-fsd/src/no-wildcard-exports/README.md

# `no-wildcard-exports`

> Forbid wildcard exports (`export *`) in public APIs of business logic layers. Named exports and namespace exports (`export * as namespace`) are allowed.

Reviewer: issue: I'm a bit confused by the "business logic layers" here — I would consider `entities` and `features` to be more business-logic-layers than, say, `pages` and `widgets`

suggestion: perhaps you meant "all layers except `shared` and `app`"? Then I think _unsliced layers_ would be a better term, and to make it extra clear, we can explain what it means:
```suggestion
Forbid wildcard exports (`export *`) in public APIs of unsliced layers (i. e. all layers except Shared and App). Named exports and namespace exports (`export * as namespace`) are allowed.
```

> **Exception:** Wildcard exports are allowed in unsliced layers (`shared` and `app`), as they serve as foundational layers with different architectural purposes.

Reviewer: issue: I would actually argue against allowing wildcard exports even in Shared and App. To me, wildcard exports conceal the public API of a group of modules, which really hurts the ability to discover a codebase shallowly, i. e. without digging into every file. 

question: why do you think they should be allowed there? And do you agree with the content of the [Public API reference page in the FSD docs](https://feature-sliced.github.io/documentation/docs/reference/public-api)?

Examples of exports that pass this rule:

```ts
// Named exports (business logic layers)
export { Button } from './Button'
export { UserCard, UserAvatar } from './components'

// Namespace exports (all layers)
export * as userModel from './model'
export * as positions from './tooltip-positions'

// Wildcard exports (unsliced layers: shared, app)
// shared/ui/index.ts
export * from './Button'
export * from './Modal'
export * from './Input'

// shared/api/index.ts
export * from './endpoints/auth'
export * from './endpoints/users'

// app/providers/index.ts
export * from './AuthProvider'
export * from './ThemeProvider'
export * from './RouterProvider'
```

Examples of exports that fail this rule:

```ts
// ❌ Wildcard exports in business logic layers
// entities/user/index.ts
export * from './model'
export * from './ui'

// features/auth/index.ts
export * from './ui'
export * from './api'
```

## Rationale

Wildcard exports in business logic layers make it harder to track which exact entities are being exported from a module. This can lead to:

- Unintentionally exposing internal implementation details
- Difficulty in tracking dependencies between modules

> - Potential naming conflicts when multiple modules use wildcard exports

Reviewer: suggestion: I would also add the point about hurting shallow discovery (if you agree with it, that is :D)

> Using named exports or namespace exports makes the public API more explicit and easier to maintain in business logic layers.

Reviewer: suggestion: let's also leave a link to the [docs about Public API](https://feature-sliced.github.io/documentation/docs/reference/public-api)
